			You Suck (by the Yeastie Girls)
I know your really proud cause you think your well hung
but I think it's time you learn how to use your tongue.
You say you want things to be even and you want things to be fair,
but your afraid to get your teeth caught in my pubic hair.
If your lying there expecting me to suck your dick,
you're going to have to give me more than just a token lick.
Well you may not like it but you better learn how,
CAUSE IT'S YOUR TURN NOW.
Now YOU SUCK, suck it hard, go down baby
YOU SUCK, lick it hard and move your tongue around

If you worried about babies you can lower your risk,by giving
by giving me that special cunnilingus kiss.
It's on your face that I'm gonna sit.
You can wiggle, you can jiggle your tongue on my clit.
Don't worry about making me have an orgasm,
just take your time and do it with enthusiasm.
I can tell it's making you scared just thinking of it,
but you better learn to love it.
Now YOU SUCK, suck it hard, go down baby
YOU SUCK, lick it hard and move your tongue around.

When you hear safe sex, you snicker under your breath.
We got to take cover, we're flirting with death.
AIDS is our problem, we've got to talk.
Break out your dental dam and your latex sock.
I'm your latex lover wrapped like a gift.
Got my microwave plastic wrap heating up my clit.
Dinners on, get busy with my booty,
got a couple of flavors, sweet licorice and fruity.
I know your sad, luscious pussy with a cover.
I'm aching too, we can't taste each other.
There's no slacking off with an unprotected stroke,
THIS AIN'T NO JOKE

SISTERS, sisters....you've got the power, use it!

Woman: You brought a condom, right?
Man: HUH?
Woman: I'm unprotected.
Man: Ain't you on the pill?
Woman: Oh, that was great and everything, but you know I think it's your turn
to go down on me.
Man: I'm tired, I'm tired.
Woman: What do you mean tired?
Woman: Come on baby, come on.
Man: No, no, that's aweful.....that tastes terrible.
Woman: You asshole, you shit.

Well I know you think it's a real drag
to suck my cunt when I'm on the rag.
Quit making up stories. Yeah, gimme a break,
cause I really don't believe that you got a headache.
You tell me it's gross to suck my yeast infection.
How do you think I feel when I gag on your erection.
Uuh your wasting your tongue with those lame excuses and lies.
Get your face between my thighs.
Now YOU SUCK, suck it hard, go down baby.
YOU SUCK, lick it hard, and move your tongue around.
NOW YOU SUCK!
