
Immortals are allowed to have players if they meet the following rules:
 
   - You must tell an arch that you have a player. This player will
     then be registered. The information is internal and treated
     strictly confidential.  Only arches are allowed to access this
     information and they are not allowed to give this information
     to anybody else.
   - Only one player character per wizard is allowed.
   - You are not allowed to cheat. This includes cheating of quests,
     telling players information you have gained with your
     wizard-character, or giving away information that your player
     normally could not have. As this rule is very vague, use common
     sense. Consider that it could ruin the game or enjoyment of
     others if you cheat!
   - You are not allowed to help with your wizard character. This
     includes giving items to the player, transing your player,
     healing and so forth.
   - You are not allowed to lead on a quest that you have already
     done (no matter if you had done it with your wizard, your
     wizard-character or during mortality of your wizard). You are
     allowed to lead on a quest you have never done it before. You
     are also allowed to help kill on a quest or give hints as any
     other player could, but telling another player the run-through
     of the quest is also considered illegal.
   - You are not allowed to interfere or cause problems between
     wizards and players through flames, shouts, tells, annoying
     gestures, etc.
   - You must act like a player. This is surely the hardest part of all.
   - You are not allowed to tell anyone that you are a character
     of a wizard.
   - All rules concerning wizards dealing with players apply here
     too. A player-character is NOT a test-character!
   - If a wizard happens to know that a certain player is a
     wizard-player, (s)he must at once inform an arch or higher.
     Informing any other of this fact means punishments!
   - If you are going to use your character then you must QUIT
     with your wiz character and vise-versa. You may not be just
     linkdead.
 
This list is surely incomplete, so use common sense. Check
periodically to get the latest updates.
 
VIOLATION OF THESE RULES WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE BANISHMENT OF BOTH
YOUR PLAYER-CHARACTER AND YOUR WIZARD-CHARACTER !!!!!
 
