This board (do not remove this note!)(Animal, Apr 30, 400)
This board is here for wizards (especially my sponsees) to use
if they have a question for me. Just leave msgs, and I will answer
them when I get a chance in the order in which they were posted.

		Animal.


std(Mirable, May  1, 21)
Okay...
All this bother for the older wizzes having to change all the rooms from
std and std2 to room.h is a real pain, I suppose.. How about this...
rm the std's, and remake them, so all they do is inherit room.h, with minor
modifications to them, like make std2.h have a different default weather, 
say, outdoorness(1) instead of the default 4.  Seems like that would fix
the irritation of changing everything to room.h and then having to add
a outdoorness(1) or something.  I don't really know the differences between
std, std2, and room.h....  Only that there is weather in room.h.  So set
std to inherit room.h, you got weather. Now, make the defaults to whatever
is comparable to the current std's.
 
Seems like this should save a lot of work....  I really am not coming up
with this for me... I have no permanent files yet.  So I really don't care
if std's are rm'd...  I don't need them anyway.. But I hope this would
make it easier on everyone else.

        John


bug(Aragorn, May  9, 21)
  Just to let you know Animal, because of the button on your box, it is
impossible for anybody who posesses it to open the doors or use the doors
on the elevator or anything else that requires pushing a button.  The
button on your box overrides everything.  Perhaps you should consider
changing the button to something else that won't interfere with other objects
in the game :).                                 ----Aragorn-----


mdiamond(Uther, May 10, 100)
Well, either you nuked your magic diamond, or it's disappeared by itself.
In any case, it's not there, and that was stopping your castle from loading.
I editted your castle.c and changed it so your castle loads


Black Diamond??(Maximillian, May 10, 21)
Hi Animal!
     I LOVE the box!!! It's great!, but on the subject...what does the 
black diamond do?  Curiosity drives me...please tell me when you return
from idle-land, Ok?  Thanks!

                             Maximillian


Armor(Phantasm, Jun 15, 500)
Okay, I agree with the concept of slowing the wiz prgression and
making it harder. But I think there are a few things we need to
consider.
	1. Once upon a time, AC 6 armour was allowed, but to be rare. Then
        a ruling came down from above making it illegal so everyone went
        and editted it. AC 5 was then accepted as legal. Now you/pooka/?
        are once again changing it. For the new wizards, this may seem
        insignificant. But to the older wizards, who were assured it was
        legal at 5 and would remain so as is stated in the docs, this
       new change is somewhat frustrating. We need to lay down a universal
       law and stick to it, not shift it periodically. Especially when
       older castles that were written to code now stand to be considered
       illegal. Also what of those not here to impliment the change? 
 
	2. Okay now about these killer items that facilitate the progression
       to wizard status... Ya have to look a little closer to home Animal.
	   Granted alot of people abuse *alot* of guild powers and such, but
       I really want to bring to your attention perhaps the greatest item
       that makes the effects of quests neglible... Your explosives..
       Wanderer went and purchased Nukes.. he walked through Ringer's
       quest... And I have heard similiar nightmares about Hell quest..
       and The Thing (I believe) where the player just pitched Nukes til
       the monster was soft then went in for the kill. Also while on the
       point, the Black Boxes don't make questiong simplier? Imagine 
       what Ringer's quest would have been like for us (cause we were both
       before the quicktypers/boxes) and what it is like for the mortals
       of today (Gods, I am beginning to sound old again :> )
 
	Anyway, Animal, I don't want this note taken the wrong way, it is not
meant maliciously. It is just that we have to set an example for the other
wizards and to make claims that they are making it easier here for people
to make wizard while providing things like Nukes is sorta confusing to
them I believe. *shrug*  I am confident you are open to criticism and
your track record shows you act upon it. These are just my observations.
Act upon them as you wish... take it easy and remember..
 
 	It's only a game !!! (I am beginning to like that phrase more & more)
 
Phantasm


I'm Just Wild About Harry(Phantasm, Jul  2, 500)
We need to alter harry. People are giving coins to him
then zappuing him, then having mortals take the $ from the corpse.
Any ideas???


box(Cephas, Jul 18, 40)
There's one particular 'bug' with the box that has been bothering me...
Actually, I'm sure you're aware of it, but I have to type in 'new' after
every 'failed to load file' error....

Or is there something I'm doing wrong?

Just thought I'd let you know,
Cephas


Suggestion for the box(Vector, Jul 22, 50)
How about a nickname like feature, that would expand a string wherever
it was found, even inside of a word.  FOr instance, I'd like to set
up ~ = /players/ so that I could say goto ~animal/work or cd ~animal/open and
such.  ( I realise defining ~ in this way would cause problems w/ the file
names used when the editor writes out a copy of the file you were working on
when you link-die, but I could live with it :)



Wassup?(Phantasm, Aug  5, 500)
Hey Animal type personage :)
 
I've been slammed at work lately, just have a few.
Someone told me about a note on da board... what's
the prob with m'guild? Drop me some mail and I'll fix it
A.S.A.P.
 
Later days...
              Phantasm


