Classes:
--------

There are 4 fundamental classes.  Each one is unique in its core
abilities.  Each player chooses 1 class when the character is created.
There is no way to change class.

WARRIOR - Warriors specialize in force of arm and traditional combat.
          They are normally men of honor, quick with a blade, yet
          lead a charming social life.

ROGUE   - Rogues are two sided.  One one side, they are the agile sneaks,
          that think the world owes them.  On the other side, they are
          also trackers, huntsman, and other outdoors types that protect
          nature instead of "society" and are thus considered rogues.

MAGE    - Mages harness the magical forces of the Universe.  Their shear
          power and mystery make them the most feared of all the classes.
          Not necessarily destructive, their magic can handle ANY situation.

PRIEST  - Priests survive on their faith.  They are granted great powers
          and miracles by the Gods.  Natural leaders, they are often called
          upon for their great wisdom.


Dominance:
----------
                                   WARRIOR
                                      |
                                      |
                                      |
                           ROGUE------+------PRIEST
                                      |
                                      |
                                      |
                                    MAGE

Each of the 4 classes is most powerful using abilities/spells
of its own "sphere".  Each class is average in the use of abilities/
spells on neighboring "spheres".  Each class is weakest in the 
use of abilities/spells of its opposing sphere.

For example, if the player is a warrior, they are most powerful when
using WARRIOR skills.  They are average using ROGUE or PRIEST skills.
They are the weakest when using MAGE skills.


Professions:
------------

Each class has 4 professions.  Professions can be considered a "dual
class".  Each one mixes part of the characters class with a "sub-class"
to come up with the actual skills/abilities and bonuses.

For example, if the player was a priest, they could choose to sub-class
with warrior to become a MONK, or else to sub-class with a mage to become
a NECROMANCER.

FIGHTER     - (WARRIOR/WARRIOR)
              The fighter is a true warrior.  Forsaking all other skills
              to master the ways of war.  Fighters are most often seen
              at the head of a cavalry charge or leading others in a
              massive battle.

RANGER      - (WARRIOR/ROGUE)
              A prime example of the second side of the rogue, the ranger
              is the huntsman or outdoorsman.  On the side of nature
              instead of society as a whole.  Their knowledge of stealth
              and camouflage blends with their natural ability with blade
              and bow.

PALADIN     - (WARRIOR/PRIEST)
              The warriors of virtue and faith, paladins are the crusading
              knights.  Pious and true, they serve God and Country no matter
              what the need.  They offset their warrior skills with prayers
              to their Gods.

VAGABOND    - (WARRIOR/MAGE)
              The rarest type of warrior, the vagabond has learned to blend
              magic and steel to a deadly combination.  Tending to be the
              most destructive of the 16 professions, vagabonds are feared
              by all, oftentimes unjustly.  Rumors abound about possible
              time travel by vagabonds.

THIEF       - (ROGUE/ROGUE)
              The basic scoundrel, thieves are out for one thing, to get all
              they can out of life.  They will lie, cheat, steal, and murder
              their way to the top.  Their masquerades are infamous, as are
              their rackets and cons.

ASSASSIN    - (ROGUE/WARRIOR)
              A form of mercenary, the assassins are warriors for hire.
              Unlike common soldiers, assassins have but one goal, kill.
              The most agile fighters, many a mighty king, priest, or
              sorceror has fallen to a well placed blow.

BARD        - (ROGUE/MAGE)
              Wandering troubadours and musicians, bards mix their natural
              agility with the knowledge of magic to both help the meak, and
              make a very respectable living.  They are often seen disguised
              as other professions, and magic helps put on a good act.

HERETIC     - (ROGUE/PRIEST)
              The heretic is an anomaly.  Their whole existance is to undo
              the Gods themselves.  Not necessarily evil, their non-belief
              leads to persecution at the hands of GOD-fearing mortals.  They
              derive some power from an unknown force.

SORCEROR    - (MAGE/MAGE)
              The masters of magic, sorcerors are often reclusive persons.
              They have mastered and harnessed all forms of magic.  Facing
              one is surely a daunting escapade.  With a full plethora of
              known spells, and a few unknown spells, they easily command
              the respect they deserve.

ILLUSIONIST - (MAGE/ROGUE)
              Convinced the world owes them everything, illusionists have
              mastered prestidigitation, illusion, and cons.  Their magic
              knowledge is centered on fooling and cheating others.  They
              can be so effective as to talk a dragon OUT of its treasure!

WARLOCK     - (MAGE/PRIEST)
              Worshippers of the raw elements, warlocks focus on true
              elemental magic.  The natural forces themselves grant the
              warlocks many new, unexplained forms of magic.  Rather than
              create magical energy, the warlocks borrow the natural energy
              around them.

PSIONICIST  - (MAGE/WARRIOR)
              An anomaly whose existance is argued by all, psionicists are
              one of the most powerful professions.  Using their vast
              mental skills with their powerful physical forms, they have
              unleashed a new power based on mind over matter!

CLERIC      - (PRIEST/PRIEST)
              Focusing on their faith and devotion to the Gods, clerics
              spread the word of the Gods everywhere they go.  Most famous
              for their healing powers and their zest for life, clerics
              also make potent leaders and advisors.

MONK        - (PRIEST/WARRIOR)
              Taking their faith to the battlefield, monks are the warriors
              of the Gods.  They abandon most weapons to fight strictly with
              faith.  They have mastered unarmed combat as an extension of
              their very soul, and are granted supernatural abilities by the
              Gods they fight for.

NECROMANCER - (PRIEST/MAGE)
              Masters of the dead, necromancers combine their prayers with
              dark magic.  Not well known for their healing, but feared for
              their destructive and deadly natures, they tend to travel fast
              and seldom remain in one place for long.  Many whisper that
              they worship the darker powers.

DRUID       - (PRIEST/ROGUE)
              Another example of the second side of the rogue, druids are
              the guardians of nature.  The worship and protect nature, and
              she in turn grants them powers to help in their duties.  The
              single most powerful profession in the wilderness.
