     Resent problems have occured and I feel the Mentor system can solve 
them in the future. This proposal should be added to /doc/rules and must
be adheared to by all wizzes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Appr wizzes shall not be allowed to advance until they have obtained
a Mentor. The Mentor will bear complete responsibility for the actions
and coding of the people under them. A Mentor has the right, at any time
before his student reaches the level of WIZ, to reject them and have them
dropped down to Appr.
     When a violation of the rules occurs, the wizard in question will be
asked to stand before the Arch/Sheriff who accuses them and one other
Arch/Sheriff. The mediating Arch/Sheriff shall not be the accuser, nor
the Mentor of the wizard in question. The mediator shall determine in all 
mannors just and fair if the actions of the wizard in question deserve 
punishment.
     Pusnishments shall not be arbitrary. They shall be set in advance and
listed on the wizard sheriff's board until the time that they are voided.

First offense: 
    If the offender is a New, the punishment shall be demotion to Appr. The
Mentor then shall be asked if he/she wishes to retain the student. If the
Mentor wishes, the Appr will be able to return to his/her rank as New
after the Mentor feels they are ready, with the period of time being no less
than 5 days. If the Mentor does not wish to have the Appr in question under
him, that Appr shall remain there until a new Mentor is found with the 
with the time being no less than 7 days.

Second offense:
    If the second offense is made within 2 weeks of the previous offense,
a period of banishment of no less than 2 days, no more than 7 days shall
be in order. This is to be a "cooling off period" for the wizard in question.
    If the wizard is a New, the Mentor who is responsible for him/her will
no longer be able to be the Mentor of this particular wiz. The Mentor also
faces a possible removal of all students under him/her.
    The wizard shall also face the same penalties as if this were also a first
offence. (I.E. Demotion).

Third Offense:

    If the third offense takes place within 2 weeks of either the first or
second offense, bannishment shall be the punishment.
