Immortals are allowed to have players if they meet the following rules:

1.  You must tell an arch that you have a player. This player will then be
    registered. The information is internal and treated strictly confidential.
    Only arches are allowed to access this information and they are not allowed
    to give this information to anybody else.
2.  Only one player character per wizard is allowed.
3.  You are not allowed to cheat. This is cheating of quests, telling players
    information you have gained with your wizard-character or giving away
    information, your player normally could not have. As this rules is very
    vague, use common sense. Consider that it could ruin the game if you cheat !
4.  You are not allowed to help with your wizard character. This includes giving
    items to the player, transing your player, healing and so forth.
5.  You are not allowed to lead on a quest that you have already done (no matter
    if you had done it with your wizard, your wizard-character or during 
    mortality of your wizard). You are allowed to lead on a quest you never did
    before.
6.  You are not allowed to interfere or cause problems between wizards and 
    players through flames, shouts, tells, annoying gestures ...
7.  You must act like a player. This is surely the hardest part of all.
8.  You are not allowed to tell anyone that you are a character of a wizard.
9.  All rules concerning wizards dealing with players apply here too. A player-
    character is NO test-character !
10. If a wizard happens to know, that a certain player is a wizard-player, (s)he
    must at once inform an arch or higher. Informing any other of this fact 
    means punishments !
11. If you are going to use your character then you must QUIT with your wiz
    character and vise-versa. You may not be just linkdead.

This list is surely incomplete, so use common sense. Check periodically to
get the latest updates.

VIOLATION OF THESE RULES WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE BANISHMENT OF BOTH YOUR
PLAYER-CHARACTER AND YOUR WIZARD-CHARACTER !!!!!
