			BIO-MANIPULATION:

	The psychic is able to mentally manipulate the brain, and nervous
    system of a living with various effects. The living would have a save
    against this, dependant upon his intelligence.

	EFFECTS:
	1) Blind- the psychic can blind the living. While the living is
	blinded, his chances for hitting are dramatically reduced. The living
	would be able to only hit roughly 20 percent of the time.
	Also, he would not be able to look, or read.
	2) Mute- the psychic can maipulate the vocal cords to cause the living
	to be mute. The living could not talk or cast spells.
	3) Pain- the psychic can cause a backlash to the entire nervous
	system. The living becomes so wracked with agony that it is unable
	to do anything at all. The living effectively becomes held, and takes
	25 points of damage the first round.
	4) Itch- the living's nervous system is manipulated to make the 
	  living's entire body itch. The itch is so bad, the living will
	immediately want to remove it's armour and scratch the itch. The
	itch will take a few rounds to take full effect(2-4) and the target
	will remove a random piece of armour. The ability can only be used 
	during combat.
	5) Poison- the psychic can manipulate the brain of a living to
	secrete unnatural amounts of certain chemical's in the body, which
	are poisonous in those amounts. The amount of poison added is equal
	to (level + legend level) * 2 + 10
	
	COST: blind- 30 sp, mute- 50 sp, pain- 75 sp, itch- 60 sp, poison-
	200 sp
	DURATION: blind- 3 rounds, mute- 5 rounds, pain- 7 rounds
	
	Possible mud effects: each type of bio-manipulation will be given at
	a different level. The living will have a save dependant upon it's 
	intelligence. The mute will have to be less effective against 
	players, cause the psychic would have to keep muting them constantly.
	So it isn't as if a magic caster will be totally helpless for a long
	period of time. In the case of a PK, it could be devistating, but
	the psychic will only be able to perform 1 bio-manipulation at
	a time. The poison and mute could only be used while in combat.
