		PSIONICS GUILD:

	The general premise of the guild is that the members spend all their
   time in the mastery of their psionic abilities. The psychic's tend to be
   loners, because they are generally not well accepted due to their powers.
   The guild will have a heightened resistance to psionics used against them.
   Also, they have the powerful mind block that they can use.
	The guild will not hit very hard, because they haven't trained in
    combat more than the basics. The guild will have a 'parry' ability written
    into it, since they can use telekinetic force to push aside attacks
    coming at them.
	I would think that the max hp of the guild would be between 650 and 700
   while the max sp would be around 750. The prime stat would be int. The
   guild would not be available to giants, trolls, orcs, or hobits.
	The guild would be limited in armour. No helmets could be worn at
  any time. The psychic could only use light armour ( can't weigh more than 3,
   or 4, hafta check up on armours of the mud) and maybe at legend levels, they
   would gain the ability to use any armour.
	The psychic could not use any abilities while intoxicated, witht the
    exception of psychic purification. Also, the psychic can get nose bleeds,
   headaches, and nausea from using his psionics so often. It would roughly
   translate to 1-5% of the time when a psychic uses an ability, he will get
   a nose bleed/head ache which means that the ability did not go through, and
   he can't use any more abilities for 30 seconds. (I had 2% in mind, but we'd
  have to play with it to find an appropriate number so it doesn't happen too 
  often).

	Here's a run down of what powers you get at what levels:

	1- Mind Bolt, Mind Bleed, Mind Block, Hypnotic Suggestion-say
	2- Psychic Purification
	3- Presence Sense
	4- Astral Projection
	5- Resist Fire
	6- Empathic Transmission-fear
	7- Bio-Manipulation-blind
	8- Resist Cold
	9- Psychometry, Hypnotic Suggestion-action
	10- Bio-Regenerate
	11- Resist Poison
	12- Empathic Transmission-calm
	13- Empathic Transmission-courage
	14- Levitate
	15- Summon Inner Strength
	16- Bio-Manipulation-itch
	17- Hypnotic Suggestion-money
	18- Resist Acid, Empathic Transmission-hate
	19- Bio-Manipulation-mute
	20- Bio-Manipulation-pain
	21- Resist Electricity
	22- Resist Energy
	23- Empathic Transmission-despair
	24- Mind Wipe
	25- Hypnotic Suggestion-trade
	26- Bio-Manipulation-poison
	28- Neural Strike

	At first, I was going to write up my own saving throw function against
  psionics. But now I believe I'll just classify the attacks as mind-effective,
  and let the already existing resistances/immunities take care it. I would
  like this guild to have a bonus to illusion and mind-effective resistances and /or immunities.
