From: tamina
To: goldwolf
Subj: Re: Sorry State

Cc: tamina
Date: Aug 24

I seem to have missed a lot of 'action' in only 2-3 days !!
I'm sorry to hear that the admin (Herp & Muzmuz) found it necessary to
demote _all_ the Arches, since it will make life exceedingly awkward for
those who _really_ need such abilities.  But I'm sure that there is 
nothing to be really worried about.  You are one of the only _real_ Arches
around here, who does fulfil the position of a Mudlib Wizard.  The others
 are in name only - at least most of them are, in my opinion.

I think that being a testplayer now might test the playability of the area -
if you decide to actually try that out.

But what else do you have to look at?  Is it just the stuff in the 
room/under dir?  Have you finished the castle proper?
Hopefully time will not pass so slow...

Keep smiling,
    Elemental Tamina
	     xxx

From: portil
To: tamina
Subj: Tomas

Cc: whisky
Date: Aug 16


Hello
I'm now in problem. I have enough exp and qrating (over 3mil and 82%).
I did speak on Thursday with Muzmuz about some snoop file which create 
some imm and send this file to him. Muzmuz said in this file I
gave quest info to Broll. I did speak about this with him long time
but all what he said me about this is how i speaking with Brool
wich asked me if he have o dance before sad girl or singing.
Next what i was say are he need for this proper equipment as clown nose
cloak, boots .etc. 
  Is true i said some player he have to dance before girl and he need
equipment but i dont rememberd i was said mainly about boots !!
Muzmuz didnt want say me name of snooper and i dont understand why any
imm which snoop me didnt ask me yourself and why he/she send this file to Muzmu
So Muzmuz delete this quest from me. I said ok, not problem for me make
this q again, his reaction was simple only smile didnt say me i cant do
that. On Friday i did speak with Brool about this situation and he 
couldnot remember we speak about this quest. 
Yesterday i made girl happy again and I finish haunter 3 hours later.
But there is problem. Muzmuz said me i cheated when i make this quest
again and I cannot be now wiz because i CANT do deleted quest again.
He didnt heard my explain i dont know about (mainly when he only 
smile when i on Thursday speak i do this again and its not problem for me make 
this quest). He show me some note on sherrif board (note 16) in which he speak 
about restriction when player solve deleted quest. I will dont this q when
i will know that, there isnt reason why i risk this when i solve Haunter 
3 hours later.
So he delete girl from me again, but its no that problem i dont need this 2-3%
i have still enough qrating, but he think i cannot be now imm.
All reason which he argument is i make deleted quest... On my question
what i can now do is very simple answer... nothing only wait.
OK how long i want wait ? his answer was simple again ... about 1 year...
I dont know what i can do now REALLY, i have exp, i have qrating...
but he think i'm not allowed to wizzes. I'm absolutly afraid and dont know
what to do. It is one from last way which rest me.
I will be glad for ANY idea what i can now REALLY can do,
if there is any way.

                           absolutly destroyed Tomas

PS. if this is way how to banish player without command 'banish' it is
really genial way.
PPS. if you canot help me then say me that and dont risk your own head.


From: uglymouth
To: tamina
 Re:   Bugs.log & others
Date: Aug 11

Hi,

Thanks for the mail.
A few questions and remarks on what you wrote:
- Light: You give a good explanation, and I figured that was the reason
    behind it. I wanted to point out the difficulty from a player's point
    of view. I suppose the good light sources solve that problem. But I
    had not yet encountered any, hence the remark.
- Quest: I knew there was a quest to go with it, and thanks for the
    explanation. More specifically my question was: is the quest already
    implemented in the code? Or are you going to open the area first, and
    finish and install the quest at a later date?

- Promotion: When your area is opened, you will be promoted to level 33.
    Yours is a big area and of good quality, but that in itself is no
    ground for further promotion. Quality is something we expect people to make.
    Also, promotions are never more than one step at a time. After level
    33 (full wizard), there comes more responsibility and work with the
    job. A short survey of the levels beyond 33: Senior (35, read access
    in secured dirs of lower level wizards), Lord (40, read and write
    access in all lower level wizard dirs, and even in non-secured dirs
    of higher level wizards), Arch (50, read and write access in the
    entire mudlib). Retired (36) is an honorary level for arches (and
    maybe lords, I'm not sure) that do no longer wish to be active at
    such a high level. Levels 33 - 40 all have the same wizard commands
    and abilities, just read/write access differs. In the time you have
    been wiz now, you will have noticed that promotions beyond level 33
    are rather scarce events. The administration is rather weary of lever
    (make that level) greed. Levels can be gained by working hard for the
    general good of HM (debugging/upgrading code, help with player bugs,
    show responsibility). If the administration thinks you've proven
    your merit for HM, then that's reason for promotion. Nothing else.
    Maybe it sounds hard, but strictness at this point has been proven
    necessary at multiple occasions in the past. In particular write access
    abuse can prove to be  a very bothersome matter. I hope this explains
    what you wanted to know and can expect from the time you reach lvl 33.

See you around,

				Viking Lord Uglymouth

