From: goldwolf
To: tamina
 Re:   The bomb
Date: Aug 25

Hi,

I looked at the bomb, and I detected why it doesn't work. Along with
some other bugs/suggestions for improvement. Here it comes:

In long the second write() never gets called. It's either 'lit' or not, nothing else.
To prevent the container checks and extra code for such cases, you could add:
prevent_insert() { return 1; } Then it can't be put in containers.
Otherwise ENV may be the container instead of player, so tell_object and
hit_player never do what they are intended to do.
_light function can be called repeatedly, even if already lit.
in the room, only the first player gets hit, because the destruct(TO); is
put within the for loop. First execute the loop, then destruct. That should
solve it :-)
Please be a bit careful with shouts. Lots of shouting objects are annoying.
I hope you can do something with this. And thanks for rm'in the .SECURE.
See you,

Goldwolf

From: goldwolf
To: tamina
 Re:   Bomb
Date: Aug 26

Hi,

I'll have a check on plans for removal of Ted's place.
With your area coming I'll put in a vote for
keeping it. Maybe it's just some little changes to make it ok for ppl
again (i.e. removal of quest part of the area only).
I'll keep you up to date on any decisions.
See you around,

Goldwolf

From: goldwolf
To: tamina
Subj: castle

Date: Aug 31

Hi,

Well, I'm almost through now. I asked Warlord and Airborne
to check out some parts as well (area must be approved by 2
members of the AAC). Since we can't do much anyway while we're
still at level 33 
I suppose things will be settled very quickly now. It's already
more or less agreed upon that it's definitely worth the promotion
once all the bugs are out and some values adapted, if need be.
See you around,

Goldwolf

From: beelzebub
To: tamina
Subj: HI!

Date: Sep  9

hey you!
how have you been? 
ive been reading your messages on the thieves board :)
hope to see you soon,
Beel

From: uglymouth
To: tamina
 Re:   Bugs.log & others
Date: Aug 11

Hi,

Thanks for the mail.
A few questions and remarks on what you wrote:
- Light: You give a good explanation, and I figured that was the reason
    behind it. I wanted to point out the difficulty from a player's point
    of view. I suppose the good light sources solve that problem. But I
    had not yet encountered any, hence the remark.
- Quest: I knew there was a quest to go with it, and thanks for the
    explanation. More specifically my question was: is the quest already
    implemented in the code? Or are you going to open the area first, and
    finish and install the quest at a later date?

- Promotion: When your area is opened, you will be promoted to level 33.
    Yours is a big area and of good quality, but that in itself is no
    ground for further promotion. Quality is something we expect people to make.
    Also, promotions are never more than one step at a time. After level
    33 (full wizard), there comes more responsibility and work with the
    job. A short survey of the levels beyond 33: Senior (35, read access
    in secured dirs of lower level wizards), Lord (40, read and write
    access in all lower level wizard dirs, and even in non-secured dirs
    of higher level wizards), Arch (50, read and write access in the
    entire mudlib). Retired (36) is an honorary level for arches (and
    maybe lords, I'm not sure) that do no longer wish to be active at
    such a high level. Levels 33 - 40 all have the same wizard commands
    and abilities, just read/write access differs. In the time you have
    been wiz now, you will have noticed that promotions beyond level 33
    are rather scarce events. The administration is rather weary of lever
    (make that level) greed. Levels can be gained by working hard for the
    general good of HM (debugging/upgrading code, help with player bugs,
    show responsibility). If the administration thinks you've proven
    your merit for HM, then that's reason for promotion. Nothing else.
    Maybe it sounds hard, but strictness at this point has been proven
    necessary at multiple occasions in the past. In particular write access
    abuse can prove to be  a very bothersome matter. I hope this explains
    what you wanted to know and can expect from the time you reach lvl 33.

See you around,

				Viking Lord Uglymouth

