From: mangla
To: tamina
Subj: bboots

Date: Aug  9

Wish I would have known you were working on the bboots.
I personally recoded the ones in helenettes dir and would
have been happy to change them to fit what you needed.
That was about the 3 version of them I had made. Would
have saved you alot of time and effort.  ;)

Besides they could be written much more efficiently anyway.

-Mangla

From: uglymouth
To: tamina
 Re:   Area
Date: Aug  9

Hi,

Thanks for the mail. No need for apologies, because you are
entirely correct. I promised you I would have finished it
last week, but due to personal circumstances RL I
haven't been able to do so. Sorry, I should have mailed
you about the delay. Anyway, I'll try to get it over with
this week. I hope that's not too long a period for you to
wait more. The area is very good, and I don't foresee any
probs in approving it, once you've gone over the bugreports
I'll be sending you this week ;-).
See you around,

			Viking Lord Uglymouth

From: uglymouth
To: tamina
Subj: new logs on your area

Date: Aug  9

Hi,

I've completed another part of the castle and enjoyed it
a lot. I have logged some new messages in /p/u/bugs/tamina.log
(appended to the old ones). I hope you can do something with
them again. A question: does the area contain a quest? or only
the basis on which the quest will be build at a later date?
Because if there's a quest, I can check for that at the same
time then. Maybe I've asked it before, but I can't remember...
See you around,

			Viking Lord Uglymouth

From: tamina
To: uglymouth
Subj: Bugs.log & others

Cc: tamina
Date: Aug 10


 -=- LIGHT
The reason that some areas are so dark is because of the influence of
the Darkling Lord in the castle.  He has minions places all over the
place which has made the castle very darker ... darker than normal.
Furthermore, there are a _small_ number of items that as a consequence
have large light factors [ set_light(3) ] for players.  This will of
course supplement the players' own light sources.
 
 -=- NAMES
Some of the set_names() of the monsters are specifically set with
capitals in them, for the effect that it gains in the inventory of the
room that they are set in.  I have of course included set_alias() and
set_alt_name() so that the monster can easily be identified.  I do not
forseee any difficulties with the monsters I have done this for.
 
 -=- QUEST
There is a quest associated with the area.  It will hopefully be titled:
Quest for the Holy Grail.
The plot behind this is that the Darkling Lord (with the aid of Morgan le
Fey) has stolen the fabulous religious artefact and ikon from Arthur
and his knights.  Arthur had set out to recover this, after one of his
knights returned without it.  Now, Arthur has not returned, which sets
the base for the quest.  You have to in some way recover both Arthur and
the Holy Grail.
The only way to succeed is to get through the Elemental Planes, then
find the Darkling Lord himself, kill him, get the Grail, find Arthur,
show the Grail to Arthur, and quest is complete.
Killing will be quite -> very difficult.
"Keys" will be required to venture safely on the Elemental Planes, and
to actually get to the Darkling Lord's domain itself.
 
 -=- GUILD POWERS
I blocked some guild powers mistakenly thinking I had done all that
was required to block that ability.  It did not occur to me that other
guilds had abilities of the same nature.  I have therefore added other
blocks to this effect.
 
 -=- Finally
If you do approve the area, and quest, will that mean I can be promoted
to level 36, or Retired?  I ask this, because it will have been two
difficult things that I have coded for the Mud.  Just a query as to
the position I will be in.
If not, what does it take to be promoted after this, to either level 36
[Rtd], or level 40 [Lord] ?  Unlike some, I am not content to simply stay
at the same level for ages and ages   ;-)
 
Hope to hear from you soon.
 
                Elemental Tamina
                        xxx
 

From: wesley
To: tamina
Subj: The problem

Date: Aug  8

I think that you've already read my notes concerning you and Lamorack and 
myself so I can't be bothered to repeat it after doing so for three times
running (and each time having my notes taken off). It's ancient history to
me but I'm leaving this note because you invited me to. Suffice it to say, that the matter is long past so let's let it rest. Amen.

From: airborne
To: tamina
 Re:   Area
Date: Jul 16

I promise to take a look at it kiddo, especially since I have to for it to
be approved and put into the game and all. :)

As soon as I can, I'll do it. But you should still get your mentor
to look through it.

See you soon kiddo.

Willie


From: uglymouth
To: tamina
 Re:   Area
Date: Jul 18

Hi Tamina,

Thanks for the mail.
I'll be happy to look at your code, and curious to see what
it has become. I'll do it in the course of the next two weeks.
Since I have a job now (which in itself is a good thing), I do
not have much time for spending hours at a time mudding (which
is not such a good thing), but I'll let you know my findings.
I'll keep a log again, similar to last time, and I'll tell you
when it contains new info. So you can change things without
having to wait for me to finish the entire area.
See you around,

			Viking Lord Uglymouth

From: haplo
To: tamina
Subj: *grin*

Cc: tatsuo
Date: Jul 28

Hello! Well to start off i have been on vacation so just got your note also
i have no problem with your looking at my stuff(feel free to use anything you 
want). As to your questions you are speculating with out knowing what we are
doing. I know you get pissed when i say that but... it is true. First off
the katana files in my dirs are for my own personal use and learning NOT
for the guild. I am trying to learn and understand pat's code. Secondly as
for the size of the guild since when is there a limit on the rooms. Our guild
halls are very involved and neat(sorry slang again neat= fun to roam in).
Our guilds make it enjoyable for people to explore and discover stuff we
have put in many unique and interesting things in our guild sorta like
minnie quests and stuff. As for the sauna again you try to compare guilds
why i do not know but the samurai can vanish to the guild but they cannot
go back to the previous spot so it is in effect totally different from the staff
which will let a mage heal anywhere and for a time healed you while you had a
weapon wielded. Maybe you notice the difference? 
Thirdly AND I WANT TO BE VERY CLEAR ON THIS!!!! Iam getting very pissed off 
about people claiming we copied the ninja guild. The only thing from the ninjas is
the shops because they are the only shops which would do what we wanted them to
and pat had coded a special standard object for those shops! As for the rooms 
we that is tat and i have been priganal in our design and actions
the base style is pat's and whisky because we like they style and they taught us!
We put alot of effort and the admin supports our work and ideas and loves our originality
This is just a quick answer to your statement(not questions) which were made with out facts!!!!
And the weapons were coded by exos and have yet to be downloaded!!!

                       Sincerely,

                        Haplo and Tatsuo

From: dancer
To: tamina
 Re:   Re: Guild Master
Cc: home
Date: Jun 16

Further to my decision of yesterday, I will be leaving the mages guild as
the guild master as I will be opening up my new guild... 

    Sorry about that


       Dancer

