This version of battleship is adapted from the original board game
by Milton Bradley. The object of the game is to sink all of your
oppenent's ships before he sinks yours.

The first step is to "challenge" an opponent. He must be in this
room with you, and must accept the challenge. Once this is done, the
rest of the game commands will work.

Next, you must "setup" your ships. Once the command has been entered,
the game will prompt you for their positions one by one. The board
consists of a ten-by-ten grid for each player, upon which he sets up
his ships. The rows are lettered A-J, and the columns numbered 1-10.
The ships are named as follows:

	Carrier    (C) - length 5
	Battleship (B) - length 4
	Destroyer  (D) - length 3
	Submarine  (S) - length 3
	Cruiser    (R) - length 2

The positions of the ships must be specified by the starting row and
column, and the ending row and column. In other words, when "setup"
prompts for ship position, you enter the start coordinate and the end
coordinate for that ship, keeping in mind the length of the ship.
For example, when you are prompted for the Carrier's position on the
board, you could type "b 3 b 7", which would make the carrier extend
from B3 to B7. Or you could type "a 4 e 4" which would make it go
from A4 to E4. You cannot place ships diagonally.

Note: To abort the game at this point, just type "q" by itself. Also,
if you want to execute another command, type an exclamation point
before the command, like "!say hi".

After both players have set up their ships, the game begins. The
player who issued the challenge goes first, and then both players
alternate turns. A turn consists simply of "guess"ing at a coordinate;
the game will notify both players of a hit or a miss. At any point
during the actual game play, you can type "show"; this will show you
both your own board and your opponent's board as you see it.

On your board:
	. indicates a blank position that has not been guessed
	* indicates a shot that hit
	C, B, D, S, R indicate ship positions that have not been hit

On your opponent's board:
	. indicates an unknown position
	C, B, D, S, R indicate ship positions that have been hit

On both boards:
	o indicates a shot that missed

If all of a ship's positions have been hit, it is "sunk" and out of
play. Turns continue to alternate until one player has sunk all of the
other player's ships.

If you have any questions, comments, complaints, etc, please mail me.
Enjoy!

	- Matt
