WIZARD LEVELS

	When someone attains wizardhood he/she has not only switched priorities
(gaining experience and levels -> coding) but has also taken on more 
responsibility. The wizard levels are designed to allot this responsibility
among the wizards so that nobody is overburdened and so that things get done.
Here is a listing of the levels and the duties of each.

Apprentice (level 30)

	An apprentice wizard in the past was a recently wizzed player who was
trying to advance to the newwiz level in order to gain coding abilities. In
the future the apprentice level will include the above as well as wizards who
prefer socializing to coding and working on the game. While there is nothing
wrong with a wizard who doesn't code he/she doesn't need access to functions
which are normally used by coding wizards. So this level could effectively be
described as a 'talking wiz' level - one where no coding is required or
possible.
	In order to advance to the newwiz level an apprentice must be 
interviewed by an arch after no less than one week of being at level 30. This
meeting takes place mainly to insure that nobody irresponsible gains the
ability to code. Most people won't have any trouble advancing however -
the ability to code isn't as important as a willingness to learn. The 
apprentice should spend his/her week after wizzing reading through the files
in /doc, reading the wizard rules in the wizards' sheriff office and thinking
about his/her area - the layout, theme etc. The more time you spend doing these
things the better prepared you'll be once you have the chance to code.

New wizard (level 31)

	A new wizard has full coding abilities but does not have access to all
the commands that the higher levels use. This level is intended to be a 
transitionary one with the ultimate goal being the creation of an area and
the thereby resulting promotion to the wizard level. Once someone is promoted
to level 31 he/she is expected to code an area within six months of the 
promotion; otherwise the newwiz will be demoted back to the apprentice level.
While coding their areas the newwizzes should feel free to ask their mentors
for help with any coding questions they may have. Newwizzes aren't in a 
position to help players with bugs and the like but they can still mediate
disputes and mail a higher level wizard about the situation if necessary. All
in all this level is an introduction to being a wizard, giving the person 
the ability to code while withholding some of the perks until the wizard level
is attained.

Wizard (level 33)

	In the future this is where the bulk of the wizards will be situated.
Once a wizard reaches level 33 he/she can't be demoted for inactivity and gains
access to more commands and tools. Wizards are expected to help players with
bugs as well as they are able and to mediate disputes. If they should run into
any problems or are unsure what the right course of action is in a particular
situation a higher level wizard should be notified. Wizards are also able to
mentor newly wizzed players and can give them the guidance they need to code
their own areas. 

Retired (level 36)

	This level is intended for retired arches who need to remain in the
game to keep their code active. Retired wizards aren't obligated to help 
players or to code and usually log on infrequently compared to the other
players and wizards. 

Lord (level 40)

	Lords attain their level by having done something special for the MUD.
Some have coded guilds while others have completed some other big coding 
project. They are responsible for fixing bugs and for working on problems
which have been referred to them by lower level wizards. Lords work closely
with arches and can refer matters to them as needed. 

Arch (level 50)

	Archwizards are responsible for insuring that the game runs smoothly.
This entails the fixing of bugs, the maintenance of a good administrative
structure as well as the promotion and demotion of wizards. While arches still
have to answer to Linz in important matters they have the freedom to change
most of the aspects of the game. Since their role is such an important one
they are expected to work together so that the game can be run without personal
biases. People are usually promoted to the arch level directly from Linz.

Implementor (level 51)

	This level appears to be reserved for high level wizards from Linz
who use it to check on the game and its players. Very little is known about this
level besides this.

God (level 500-1000)

	What need be said about this level. A god basically has the power to 
do anything he/she wants in the game and acts with impunity. The latter has
not been true for non-Linzer gods in the past as some were demoted for 
varying reasons but for the most part gods run - or theoretically should be
running - the show.

	This is just a brief overview of all the levels and their
responsibilities. If you should have any questions feel free to ask an arch.
While not all aspects are mentioned in this help file they can go more in depth
with any specific questions you may have or get you an answer quickly.
