HOW TO MAKE A NEW RELIGION

Introduction

This is a short document about what should be done to make a new religion. 
Religions are important for several reasons: they add to the roleplaying element
of the game (they give more atmosphere). They give more diversity between
players, and more ways of playing. Also, there hasn't been done much on
religions in MUDs (generally they were seen as part of the guild-system).
Religions are not meant to give extra powers to players. Emotes and such 
things are ok, for they add to the fun. Real powers may unbalance the game.

Necessary elements.

A religion needs a few elements that are absolutely necessary:
- A place to become a member to the religion (obvious).
- A place to revive when you die (because the church only allows reviving for
  followers of Illuvatar).
- An alignment declaration. This is a number showing what alignment the god
  allows for his/her followers:
  * 0: All alignments.
  * 1: Only good alignments.
  * 2: Only evil alignments.
  * 3: Only neutral alignments.
  (If the player hasn't got the desired alignment, he/she won't get XP anymore).
- A name for your religion. Think of a good one, preferably one from the lord
  of the rings (Tolkien).
- A way for the player to leave the religion. Of course the deity will not be
  pleased and may show it an one of many ways.

Optional elements.

A religion should have several interesting aspects, of which several are
mentioned here:
- A place to marry. The marriage ceremony in the church is only available for
  members of Illuvatar.
- A place to modify your alignment, in case you misbehaved. This should be
  severely penalized however: money, time or something like that.
- An object that is specifically for members of that religion (can be autoload).
- The pray command can be redirected to a file belonging to the creator of the
  religion. The parameter is passed too. An alignment check should still be
  made ("religion/master"->query_ok(belief,align) checks the religion 'belief'
  against the alignment 'align').

How to start a religion.

Think of an interesting god/goddess you would be willing to implement. Make the
necessary files (the place to revive, the place to join (may be the same), the
place to get the object (if there is one), a location for the pray_it(str)
command and other interesting things you can think of. Put this all in a 
directory and mail me about it. I'll check it out, and connect your religion
to the MUD if you are a Wiz. Religions may not be part of the programming made
by a New, one should be Wiz for some time.

Where to complain about religions.

I think complaints about religion can come on the guildboard, because there
isn't much happening on that board. Any suggestions can of course always be
mailed to me.

Greetings,

Ethereal Cashimor
