Now about jedis guild:

        The lightsaber is a peice of magically handy work that can only be
controlled by someone that is a practitioner in the force. To summarize the
device it is an ingenious contraption designed by a bunch of bored gnomes.
Basically it consists of a hollow metal tube with a button on it. the button
controls a shutter that goes up and down. When the shutter is open then the
gem embedded at the bottom releases a concentrated rod of light that is soley
held in check by the trained mind of a jedi. Since going around hitting things
with your "rod" was not seeming to be a handy way to say it, the bright members
of this order decided to call it a "saber".
        Now you might ask as to how the order came to be known as jedis. Well
this is an interesting story in itself. It seems as the new practitioners of
an order that can control light, they also found that they could train others
to do that same. (This is all in human hands at this time for the gnomes have
moved on to more undiscovered topics.) With this exploring of the mind to
control light, they found they had other inherent abilities. Powers such as
the ability to harness strong feelings into a bolt of energy from thier hands,
storing this energy and propelling forth a larger blast in the form of lightning,
touching others minds briefly causing them peace, seeing through thier eyes, or
a myriad of other features, and others that are as yet not fully explored.
        The problem of a name still remained though, since they decided to form
a guild to train new recruits. They went to great mages and asked thier help, but
none of the suggestions satisfied them. Finally they went to this crackpot archmage
the professed to see into the future. Upon thier arrival, the archmage met them
at the door and said: "Be jedis or nothing." After further interrogation, the
questors found out that the archmage had seen into the future and the "vision"
was of a large screen with a short, squat, hairy man in a swamp teaching a
young man how to do many things with a sword of light and powers of the mind.
Therefore the humans founded the guild and called thier members "jedis" in honor
of this future event.

