 The area that I am currently writing is based on The Lord of The Rings/
The Hobbit (J.R.R.T.). It is intended to link up with Colossus's Shire area
(already in the game).
 So far, I have written a road leading east from the Shire, with a forest
to the north of that, and Rivendell (a small part at the moment, but
Tamina may change all that *:) at the eastern end. Also off the road to
the south is a path to the gates of Moria, and into Caradhras (southern
end of the Misty Mountains). Leading southeast from Rivendell is a path
into the main part of the Misty Mountains, with an entrance to the Goblin
caves (yet to be written, but coming soon.....). Things have been
elaborated as/where I thought necessary. There are maps of each
seperate section in the appropriate dir - the maps show the intended
area, not the actual area as written, along with some more specific
notes on that particular section. I also believe that the Old Forest has
been written (or at least started), that will link onto the southeastern
part of the Shire, and somewhere in the middle of the East Road (I forget
who is coding this - my apologies to you - I was only told about it by
Tamina a couple of days ago).
 Areas east of the Misty Mountains will be added as/when time allows.
I'd like to add a guild eventually (possibly an Archers guild in Lake
Town, but with the possibility of joining from various places (Lake
Town will be quite difficult to get to, as you will have to go through
either the Goblin caves, or Moria!.....) such as Rivendell, maybe with
different races having to get to the guild from different places......), but
I'll have to learn ALOT more about coding first.
 If anyone has any ideas about how the area should be written, or
anything that it could/should contain, or about the guild, then please
mail me and let me know.

	**Please do not change anything in the area without informing me -
preferably first. If it is illegal - tell me and I will change it.**

ps. Mordor is definately MINE! *grin* I've got ideas for that already.....
even if it will take a while to get all the rooms that go inbetween done.