Long age, a rogue God named Graendal was cast out from The Isle of the
Blessed and banished forever to the mortal world for betraying her fellow
gods. She vowed to bring chaos and death to the world. For years she
gathered and trained apprentices in the arts of demonology and other black
magic, and built up a vast army of undead followers to do her bidding.

They set out to destoryed villages, castles and towns across the land.
They killed the adults and turned them into undeads to add to their army.
The children they took back alive to be devoured as food.

Word had gotten around to neighbouring territories, and afraid that the
army would wipe them out too sent out their bravest knights and strongest
armies to rid of the world of this evil, but they all failed and only
returned home as undeads in armies sent against their homes and families.

At this point, word reached the Monks of the Blue Order; an order of
Monks which had been banished long ago to a remote mountain cathedral
for enforcing the word of their God with force. They decided to fight
Graendal and her servants and rid the area of the menage.

The war between them lasted for years, untill one night the Monks found
word of what they required to defeat Graendal - a mace forged by one
of the gods which held the power to defeat even one of their own. It
had been created long ago to battle a rogue God and had never been
seen since. A group of Monks set out to find this mace so that it could
be used against Graendal.

After a year of searching they returned with the mace. The Monks set
out to battle Graendal for the last time. It was a bloody encounter.
Many brave Monks were slain, but eventually the evil army was overcome,
and Graendal was defeated. However, in the heat of the battle,
some of the necromancers fled from the battlefield, and ransacked the
Monk's holy cathedral, destroying it utterly and slaying all those who
had remained behind.

Thus the victorious Monks returned home only to find their possessions
strewn over the surrounding area and their friends slain. They buried
their dead and left the cathedral as it stood as a memorial, vowing
never to return.

Unbeknown to the Monks, the necromancers who had escaped had taken refuse
in catacombs deep beneath the cathedral. Once the Monks had left, they
returned to the battlefield and gathered up the bodies of their fellows,
and that of Graendal. They returned to the catacombs and have been
searching for ways to bring their fellow necromancers back to life.

Nothing has been seen of the mace since.

Now the necromancers have found a way to bring Graendal back to life,
and their army is once again terrorising the area around the cathedral.

Your task is to find the mace, and use it to defeat Graendal and
rid the world of this menace forever. Word has it that one of the Monks
who originally found the mace still lives as a hermit in a remote cave
in the mountains.

Notes
-----

1. I don't like the name 'Rignifrith' - need a better one (shorter).
   Answer: Graendal. Use the names of the other twelve Forsaken for
   the twelve main necromancers, who should be scattered randomly over
   the whole area (catacombs, cathedral and surrounding area).
2. Need an idea for the name of the heavenly area where the Gods live.
   Answer: Isle of the Blessed.
3. Need to iron out ideas for the quest...
4. This story should be recorded in the Monk's ledger in the new location.
   The original cathedral will have signs of the slaughter there, and a
   large graveyard. This will be in the library, along with LOTS of
   other books giving info on undeads (how to slay them etc) and battling
   necromancers etc...
5. There should be a few old Monks at the present home of the Monks (once
   I write the new home and 'wreck' the present one) who survived from the
   battles. They will be able to tell stories of those times, and how they
   defeated the lesser necromancers, and warn that only the mace will
   defeat Graendal. Have a wrecked library there as well, with a secret
   room which will contain a scrap of paper with info on it... could be
   a map, or a clue to a location... will change each time.

