Shadowmonk says: the area would be kinda small..
Shadowmonk says: a mountain village
Shadowmonk says: leading to a tower..
Shadowmonk says: which both are in front of a Huge cliff..
Shadowmonk says: the village would be the source of items players need to
                 get through the area
Shadowmonk says: a necklace with a sign .. to get safely to the tower..
Shadowmonk says: otherwise robbed mugged.. beaten etc.. (if not strong of
                 course..)
Shadowmonk says: next to that i was working on the village being a safe
                 place..
Shadowmonk says: start fighting.. and guards come and throw you in the
                 slammer..
Shadowmonk says: and old man who tells the story of the quest..
Shadowmonk says: and when the player did something .. illegal' .. not
                 allowed to get into
Shadowmonk says: into town anymore.. and therefore.. quite hard to do either
                 quest or kill..
Shadowmonk says: the router i wanted to use for the cliffside..
Shadowmonk says: which hides a small area..
Shadowmonk says: couldn't find the words yet to describe it..
Shadowmonk says: it is a floor.. which has loads of cracks on it..
Shadowmonk says: radiating red.. which should be magma .. or something..
Shadowmonk says: a map should have been supplied by some wise man in the
                 tower..
Shadowmonk says: follow the direction to the 4 towers in that area..
Shadowmonk says: and you will get there.. not.. fall down.. and land on a
                 small plateau..
Shadowmonk says: surrounded by magma.. fight the beast on it.. defeat and
                 live.. return to beginning of cliff..
Shadowmonk says: be defeated.. and something will happen.. maybe fall..
                 but be transported by wise man to the wise man's tower..
Shadowmonk says: if the player has been a good little player of course..
Shadowmonk says: help the old woman in the village.. from the guy that
                 stole her purse..
Shadowmonk says: be bad.. and something worse will happen..
Shadowmonk says: and the player will be told this all of course..
Shadowmonk says: kill the old man in the village .. and he will send his
                 thoughts.. about what the players fate will be if he
                 proceeds..
Shadowmonk says: etc..
Sauron says: the village could be on the edge of our area of villages...
Sauron says: and within one of the towers, there could be one of the
             necromancers, who the player needs to kill along to way
             to get something to defeat the demon..
